---
slug: "identifying-the-future"
date: "2020-12-06"
title: "Identifying my future. An Esports SEO/Developer"
image: "../images/the-future.jpg"
---

The future seems a little better now. With this site, I have found that I'm able to find the problems that I was afraid I couldn't fix and fix them. Adding images, making components and getting things styled the way I want to on the site. I know the site doesn't look all that fantastic but it does what I want it to do and it does it fairly well. There are a couple of things I need to add to the site in the future but for now, I at least have a direction I want to go to.

I currently work as an SEO but it's outside of Esports. I have been very lucky to get this job as my mate was able to forward me as his reference. The job allows me to work remote when I feel there's every good reason to do so. It's also part-time giving me more time to learn to program. I don't see myself wanting to settle anytime soon. I'm only hitting 30 and I have a lot more aspirations to do more with myself. I don't think I would be able to settle as an SEO outside of esports. I like esports too much. I like it's something I'm actually interested in and it's something I understand. I relate to it well. 

I'm happy with the job I currently have. I have a great relationship with the people I work with and I have full autonomy of the work I do. All I have to do is make sure the needle moves up with all things SEO and I have a good methodology for it. SEO is fun but my issue with being an SEO is the pigeon hole I put myself into. Being a developer is going to be important for my future even as an SEO and creating direction while not being able to execute some of the things myself is a bad idea. I believe I should be able to make website based on Javascript/ReactJS, work with structured as well as possible using JSON-LD and make the fastest websites using Gatsby.JS. I need to get better with all of these tools but it's a very good start for me. I'm certainly still learning but I at least figured out who I want to be. 

I want to be the best Esports SEO in the world. I can only do that if I'm developer and I learn a little more about marketing as I go along but being a developer allows me to make the perfect site for my clients and make sure they kick ass in the future. This job allows me to continue learning more about SEO while I learn how to develop in my free time. In the future, I will be looking to move away from the job and become my own boss. Making a mega business or even a big one for that matter, is an aspiration I do have but being my own person as a one man army, is a bigger one. 