---
slug: "spacex-graphql"
date: "2021-07-19"
title: "Need to keep up with the programming"
image: "../images/time-clock-programming.png"
---
Time flies and I have to make sure that I don't fail from not programming again. While the last three months have been in some sense, annoying where I have to take care of my father, I know I've been doing the right thing. The only issue is, having to take care of my team while having to do many other things, while having the bad direction of trying to do SEO, was not on the ball. I have learnt to let go off things a lot easier and that's been a good thing. 

I'm not going to lose this momentumn. I've been programming quite a bit and with the laptop that I'm writing this blog post on, I feel like this is the future for me. I wish I was able to think of ways to hack and try to get bug bounties, maybe that's something that I'll try in the future. I'd like to try that type of stuff on JS but it looks like it'll be something on Python. It's a lot more, do it yourself and go from there. It's appealing but for now, I want to get some work which I understand and can complete and go from there.

Funny all of this, I'm trying to learn React and as I write this, I'm not sure what I actually want to do. I wnated to use ColdboltSEO as a means to help esports gain better people in SEO, myself. I don't believe this is a good direction to go into anymore because of the issues of Google and it's understanding of esports so that'll not be a thing anymore for me. I'm not too fussed about that. I'm glad I've let that go. The only question is, what am I actually going to do? I have no clue so I think the best thing for me to do is get the skills to work around the industry as well as I can. There's demand for people that know ReactJS, NextJS and GatsbyJS so that's where I'll stand. 

I do want to make something for myself and be my own business. Do I want to do all the programming stuff for other people and have people work under me for that? I don't think so. I just think I need to do something involved in Esports and go from there. In all honesty, I think some sort of shop is a good thing and work on that, while gaining money for doing other projects. That seems to be a good idea. 

I'll get some work done for Phil for the clients that he can't work for. As long as my skills allow for it, it shouldn't be a problem. I need to make sure that I'm a good enough developer by the time that I go to The International. I want to also be at the best health of my life before that also. It's been good writing this. It makes sure that I know what I want from life and in some selfish way, I want to be the best person I can be to make sure I have the happiest life out there. In the end of the day, working out and being as fit and healthy as possible, will help me in life but I do want to meet someone and I need to have all the best chances in the world. I need to push myself further. I'm 30, I need to act like it a lot more. 